by RentAnAdviser.com
Thought I found a way
Thought I found a way, yeah (found)
But you never go away (never go away)
So I guess I gotta stay now
Oh, I hope some day I'll
make it out of here
Even if it takes all night
or a hundred years
Need a place to hide, but
I can't find one near
Wanna feel alive, outside
I can fight my fear
Isn't it lovely, all alone
Heart made of glass, my mind of stone
Tear me to pieces, skin and bone
Hello, welcome home
Walkin' out of town
Lookin' for a better place (lookin'
for a better place)
Something's on my mind (mind)
Always in my headspace
But I know some day I'll
make it out of here
Even if it takes all night
or a hundred years
Need a place to hide, but
I can't find one near
Wanna feel alive, outside
I can fight my fear
Isn't it lovely, all alone
Heart made of glass, my mind of stone
Tear me to pieces, skin and bone
Hello, welcome home
by RentAnAdviser.com